about/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About

---

I am [Xingfeng Si](/ "Xingfeng Si"), a PhD candidate in animal ecology at [Zhejiang University](http://www.zju.edu.cn "Zhejiang University"), China. Generally, my research interest lies in island biogeography, community ecology, conservation biology and ornithology. 

I started my researches of bird communities since 2008 on fragmented islands of the [Thousand Island Lake](/links/thousand-island-lake/ "Thousand Islang Lake") (TIL), China. TIL is a large inundated reservoir with 1078 islands which was created in 1959 by the construction of Xin'anjiang Dam. It is a perfect land-bridge system to test the MacArthur & Wilson's theory of island biogeography. I used the long-term counts of breeding bird communities on a set of islands to quantify the colonization-extinction dynamics of the theory, and to test the alternative hypothesizes that "target" and "rescue" effects will lead to different patterns of colonization and extinction. In additions to the bird studies, I used the occupancy data of lizards and small mammals  to unveil the biogeographical patterns of beta diversity, which will provide more detail into the biodiversity conservation on fragmented islands. 

Camera trapping of wildlife, especially for some elusive and cryptic animals, had been practiced and become an available method to estimate the abundance of animals. I started the studies of bird and mammal communities during 2009 - 2012  in [Gutianshan Reserve](/links/gutianshan-reserve/ "Gutianshan Reserve"), China, to estimate the animal population adjusted with detectability using camera traps. Associated with the bird survey using territory mapping in a permanent plot in the reserve, I assess how the environmental factors influence the distribution of bird communities. 

Besides the academic researches, I like reading, traveling and cycling. One of my important dream is the long travel from Chengdu to Lhasa (the capital of Tibet) by bike. I would plan to spend one month to complete this 2200-km journey. I initialed with this dream eight years ago when I was an undergraduate, while I am always waiting for the right time to make my dream come true, because it is a great chance to enjoy the unique landscape and biodiversity of Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. I am also a [postcrossser](http://www.postcrossing.com/user/Xingfeng "Postcrossing"), please feel free to [contact me](/contacts) if you have an interest to swap postcards with me.

#### Note: not updated below

> This site was created with [Jekyll](https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll) and the template was derived from the site [setImpl](http://lhzhang.com/) by Linghua Zhang; the homepage was based on the design of [Tao Zhang](http://ztpala.com/) (thanks a lot, guys!). You may need a decent web browser to view this site (such as Firefox or Chrome), otherwise the layout can be a mess and the fonts can look ugly. You can navigate to the last post by the left-arrow key (`<-`) or next post by right-arrow (`->`), or equivalently keys `J` and `K`.

> I like contributing to open source software like:

> - [R](http://www.r-project.org/): I'm the author of a few R packages (see [vitae](../vitae/))
> - [LyX](http://www.lyx.org/): I maintain the Sweave and knitr modules in LyX with Jean-Marc Lasgouttes

> I have an interview on [The Setup](http://yihui.xie.usesthis.com) where you will learn more about me on the software side.

> You can find me on [GitHub](https://github.com/yihui/) or Twitter [@xieyihui](http://twitter.com/xieyihui) or [Google+](https://plus.google.com/u/0/109653178371807724268/posts). Subscribe to the RSS feed of [blog posts](../feed/) or [all comments](http://yihui.disqus.com/latest.rss) to stay tuned.

Commit message:

add note: parag. from yihui without revision

about/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About

---

I am [Xingfeng Si](/ "Xingfeng Si"), a PhD candidate in animal ecology at [Zhejiang University](http://www.zju.edu.cn "Zhejiang University"), China. Generally, my research interest lies in island biogeography, community ecology, conservation biology and ornithology. 

I started my researches of bird communities since 2008 on fragmented islands of the [Thousand Island Lake](/links/thousand-island-lake/ "Thousand Islang Lake") (TIL), China. TIL is a large inundated reservoir with 1078 islands which was created in 1959 by the construction of Xin'anjiang Dam. It is a perfect land-bridge system to test the MacArthur & Wilson's theory of island biogeography. I used the long-term counts of breeding bird communities on a set of islands to quantify the colonization-extinction dynamics of the theory, and to test the alternative hypothesizes that "target" and "rescue" effects will lead to different patterns of colonization and extinction. In additions to the bird studies, I used the occupancy data of lizards and small mammals  to unveil the biogeographical patterns of beta diversity, which will provide more detail into the biodiversity conservation on fragmented islands. 

Camera trapping of wildlife, especially for some elusive and cryptic animals, had been practiced and become an available method to estimate the abundance of animals. I started the studies of bird and mammal communities during 2009 - 2012  in [Gutianshan Reserve](/links/gutianshan-reserve/ "Gutianshan Reserve"), China, to estimate the animal population adjusted with detectability using camera traps. Associated with the bird survey using territory mapping in a permanent plot in the reserve, I assess how the environmental factors influence the distribution of bird communities. 

Besides the academic researches, I like reading, traveling and cycling. One of my important dream is the long travel from Chengdu to Lhasa (the capital of Tibet) by bike. I would plan to spend one month to complete this 2200-km journey. I initialed with this dream eight years ago when I was an undergraduate, while I am always waiting for the right time to make my dream come true, because it is a great chance to enjoy the unique landscape and biodiversity of Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. I am also a [postcrossser](http://www.postcrossing.com/user/Xingfeng "Postcrossing"), please feel free to [contact me](/contacts) if you have an interest to swap postcards with me.

#### Note: not updated

Note: the paragraphes below come from [yihui](http://yihui.name/en/about)

> This site was created with [Jekyll](https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll) and the template was derived from the site [setImpl](http://lhzhang.com/) by Linghua Zhang; the homepage was based on the design of [Tao Zhang](http://ztpala.com/) (thanks a lot, guys!). You may need a decent web browser to view this site (such as Firefox or Chrome), otherwise the layout can be a mess and the fonts can look ugly. You can navigate to the last post by the left-arrow key (`<-`) or next post by right-arrow (`->`), or equivalently keys `J` and `K`.

> I like contributing to open source software like:

> - [R](http://www.r-project.org/): I'm the author of a few R packages (see [vitae](../vitae/))
> - [LyX](http://www.lyx.org/): I maintain the Sweave and knitr modules in LyX with Jean-Marc Lasgouttes

> I have an interview on [The Setup](http://yihui.xie.usesthis.com) where you will learn more about me on the software side.

> You can find me on [GitHub](https://github.com/yihui/) or Twitter [@xieyihui](http://twitter.com/xieyihui) or [Google+](https://plus.google.com/u/0/109653178371807724268/posts). Subscribe to the RSS feed of [blog posts](../feed/) or [all comments](http://yihui.disqus.com/latest.rss) to stay tuned.
