---
title: Why I Blog?
layout: post
categories: [Blog]
tags: [WordPress,GitHub,blog,Jekyll]
comments: yes
---


I enjoy writing blog.

I write blog to think more effectively. Writing helps me think better. I can think more clearly and logically while I pen down the fragmentation in my psyche. When I organize sentences and paragraphs to finish a complete post, the language can think by itself. So I receive a better understanding about my original ideas after I finish a blog post.

I write blog to learn. As I stated above, writing blog helps me better thinking. So, I can learn better by composing. I can’t sure if I had grasped the highlights and the nature of what I have learned until I compose them down. I drop a line through my independent thinking, which is a procedure to make me understand thoroughly.

I write blog to communicate and gain acquaintances. The internet combines the minds of human beings together. In order to communicate with the wonderful people all over the world, I must write a blog. This efficient way has already worked. I just open my blog for three months, and I meet some wonderful guys. We can share thoughts and learn from each other.

I write blog to record. Life is short, and our memory is limited. If I write my biography, my aspirations, and my thoughts down, I have had an archive of my whole biography. It’s an Invaluable asset. When I am old, I will read these blog posts to recall my young.

I write a blog to facilitate the great unwashed. I pen down my experience and lessons, my successes and failures. These could be helpful if other people walk the same path as I did. Thusly, they will reach their goals quicker.

I write blog to have fun. Frankly, I have caused a great deal of fun by writing a web log. I feel glad when somebody tells me I write a big part. I feel glad when somebody tells me my posts are helpful. I feel happy when I finished a post and get a better understanding about I write. I feel happy when someone’s comment gives me more valuable information about the theme I write. I feel happy when an official journal selected my articles to print.

That’s why I enjoy writing blog.