publication/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Publications

---


## Journal Articles <small>[**Google Scholar**](http://scholar.google.com/citations?user=wI1qfPsAAAAJ&hl=en)</small>

1. **Xingfeng Si**, Andrés Baselga, Ping Ding (2015) Revealing beta-diversity patterns of breeding bird and lizard communities on inundated land-bridge islands by separating the turnover and nestedness components. ***PLoS ONE*** 10: e0127692. [PDF(2.3MB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Si-etal2015.pdf)
1. Guozhen Shen, Stuart L. Pimm, Chaoyang Feng, Guofang Ren, Yanping Liu, Wenting Xu, Junqing Li, **Xingfeng Si**, Zongqiang Xie (2015) Climate change challenges the current conservation strategy for the giant panda. ***Biological Conservation*** 190: 43-50. [PDF(1.7MB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Shen-etal2015.pdf)
1. Eben Goodale, Ping Ding, Xiaohu Liu, Ari Martínez, **Xingfeng Si**, Mitch Walters, Scott K. Robinson (2015) The structure of mixed-species bird flocks, and their response to anthropogenic disturbance, with special reference to East Asia. ***Avian Research*** 6: 14. [PDF(916KB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Goodale-etal2015.pdf)
1. **Xingfeng Si**, Stuart L. Pimm, Gareth J. Russell, Ping Ding (2014) Turnover of breeding bird communities on islands in an inundated lake. ***Journal of Biogeography*** 41:2283-2292. [PDF(356KB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Si-etal2014JB.pdf)
1. **Xingfeng Si**, Roland Kays, Ping Ding (2014) How long is enough to detect terrestrial animals? Estimating the minimum trapping effort on camera traps. ***PeerJ*** 2: e374. [PDF(1.8MB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Si-etal2014.pdf)
1. **Xingfeng Si**, Ping Ding (2014) Camera trap survey of population dynamics of mammals and birds in Gutianshan Forest Dynamics Plot, eastern China. ***Biodiversity Science*** 22: 819-822. <small>(in Chinese)</small>  [PDF(869KB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Si-Ding2014.pdf)
1. Aichun Xu, **Xingfeng Si**, Yanping Wang, Ping Ding (2014) Camera traps and its minimum trapping effort for ground- dwelling mammals in fragmented habitats in the Thousand Island Lake, Zhejiang Province. ***Biodiversity Science*** 22: 764-772. <small>(in Chinese with English abstract)</small>  [PDF(533KB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Xu-etal2014.pdf)
1. **Xingfeng Si**, Ping Ding (2011) History, status of monitoring land birds in Europe and American and countermeasures of China. ***Biodiversity Science*** 19: 303-310. <small>(in Chinese with English abstract)</small>  [PDF(241KB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Si-Ding2011.pdf)

---


## Popular Articles and Other Publications

1. **Xingfeng Si** (2015) Young scientists need collaboration. ***Zenodo***, [doi: 10.5281/zenodo.22313](https://zenodo.org/record/22313).
1. **Xingfeng Si** (2014) *Species Turnover and Beta Diversity of Breeding Bird Communities in Fragmented Habitats*. PhD dissertation, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou. <small>(in Chinese with English abstract)</small> [PDF(2.5M)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Si2014.pdf)
1. **Xingfeng Si** (2014) Dry Tortugas National Park — Home of the sooty tern. ***China Nature*** 2014(6): 76–81. <small>(in Chinese)</small>
1. **Xingfeng Si** (2014) Apply for the China Scholarship Council fund. ***China Postgraduates*** 2014(9): 58–59. <small>(in Chinese)</small>
1. **Xingfeng Si** (2014) How to track the latest references? ***China Postgraduates*** 2014(6): 32–33. <small>(in Chinese)</small>
1. Longlong Zhang, Yixin Bao, Huanhuan Li, **Xingfeng Si**, Shuoying Hu (2008) The functional groups and trophic levels of soil macro-fauna in different vegetation type, Beishan Moutain, Jinhua. *Proceedings of the 8th National Symposium on the Conservation and Sustainable Use of Biodiversity in China*, 2008.10.17-19, pp. 257-267, Jinhua, China. <small>(in Chinese with English abstract)</small> [PDF(662KB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Zhang-etal2008.pdf)

Commit message:

add China Nature: camera trap in GTS

publication/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Publications

---


## Journal Articles <small>[**Google Scholar**](http://scholar.google.com/citations?user=wI1qfPsAAAAJ&hl=en)</small>

1. **Xingfeng Si**, Andrés Baselga, Ping Ding (2015) Revealing beta-diversity patterns of breeding bird and lizard communities on inundated land-bridge islands by separating the turnover and nestedness components. ***PLoS ONE*** 10: e0127692. [PDF(2.3MB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Si-etal2015.pdf)
1. Guozhen Shen, Stuart L. Pimm, Chaoyang Feng, Guofang Ren, Yanping Liu, Wenting Xu, Junqing Li, **Xingfeng Si**, Zongqiang Xie (2015) Climate change challenges the current conservation strategy for the giant panda. ***Biological Conservation*** 190: 43-50. [PDF(1.7MB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Shen-etal2015.pdf)
1. Eben Goodale, Ping Ding, Xiaohu Liu, Ari Martínez, **Xingfeng Si**, Mitch Walters, Scott K. Robinson (2015) The structure of mixed-species bird flocks, and their response to anthropogenic disturbance, with special reference to East Asia. ***Avian Research*** 6: 14. [PDF(916KB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Goodale-etal2015.pdf)
1. **Xingfeng Si**, Stuart L. Pimm, Gareth J. Russell, Ping Ding (2014) Turnover of breeding bird communities on islands in an inundated lake. ***Journal of Biogeography*** 41:2283-2292. [PDF(356KB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Si-etal2014JB.pdf)
1. **Xingfeng Si**, Roland Kays, Ping Ding (2014) How long is enough to detect terrestrial animals? Estimating the minimum trapping effort on camera traps. ***PeerJ*** 2: e374. [PDF(1.8MB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Si-etal2014.pdf)
1. **Xingfeng Si**, Ping Ding (2014) Camera trap survey of population dynamics of mammals and birds in Gutianshan Forest Dynamics Plot, eastern China. ***Biodiversity Science*** 22: 819-822. <small>(in Chinese)</small>  [PDF(869KB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Si-Ding2014.pdf)
1. Aichun Xu, **Xingfeng Si**, Yanping Wang, Ping Ding (2014) Camera traps and its minimum trapping effort for ground- dwelling mammals in fragmented habitats in the Thousand Island Lake, Zhejiang Province. ***Biodiversity Science*** 22: 764-772. <small>(in Chinese with English abstract)</small>  [PDF(533KB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Xu-etal2014.pdf)
1. **Xingfeng Si**, Ping Ding (2011) History, status of monitoring land birds in Europe and American and countermeasures of China. ***Biodiversity Science*** 19: 303-310. <small>(in Chinese with English abstract)</small>  [PDF(241KB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Si-Ding2011.pdf)

---


## Popular Articles and Other Publications

1. **Xingfeng Si** (2015) Wildlife in Gutianshan from camera traps. ***China Nature***, *in press*. <small>(in Chinese)</small>
1. **Xingfeng Si** (2015) Young scientists need collaboration. ***Journal of Brief Ideas***, [doi: 10.5281/zenodo.22313](https://zenodo.org/record/22313).
1. **Xingfeng Si** (2014) *Species Turnover and Beta Diversity of Breeding Bird Communities in Fragmented Habitats*. PhD dissertation, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou. <small>(in Chinese with English abstract)</small> [PDF(2.5M)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Si2014.pdf)
1. **Xingfeng Si** (2014) Dry Tortugas National Park — Home of the sooty tern. ***China Nature*** 2014(6): 76–81. <small>(in Chinese)</small>
1. **Xingfeng Si** (2014) Apply for the China Scholarship Council fund. ***China Postgraduates*** 2014(9): 58–59. <small>(in Chinese)</small>
1. **Xingfeng Si** (2014) How to track the latest references? ***China Postgraduates*** 2014(6): 32–33. <small>(in Chinese)</small>
1. Longlong Zhang, Yixin Bao, Huanhuan Li, **Xingfeng Si**, Shuoying Hu (2008) The functional groups and trophic levels of soil macro-fauna in different vegetation type, Beishan Moutain, Jinhua. *Proceedings of the 8th National Symposium on the Conservation and Sustainable Use of Biodiversity in China*, 2008.10.17-19, pp. 257-267, Jinhua, China. <small>(in Chinese with English abstract)</small> [PDF(662KB)](http://sixf.org/files/articles/Zhang-etal2008.pdf)
